SETSUNA: Towa and Setsuna.
Between us half‐demon twins,
two different worlds
exist at the same time...
human and demon,
light and shadow,
feudal era and present day,
peace and war,
joy and sorrow,
dreams and reality,
now and forever,
and finally, love and hate...
a Feudal Fairytale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny.
[Japanese music playing]
Towa: "Demon Spirit of the Sea."
[mysterious music playing]
[liquid bubbling]
[demon laughs]
I have heard rumors, Riku.
So you betrayed Kirinmaru, eh?
‐ Bravo, Mr. Mimisenri.
Your ears are
as sharp as ever, I see.
‐ Yes, well, even you
can't evade Kirinmaru forever,
so what do you intend to do now?
‐ Oh, don't worry. I have
no intention at all of running.
But as long
as I have my freedom...
I intend to do
whatever I please.
‐ As in pursuing
Sesshomaru's daughters?
That is a flame that could burn.
‐ I'll get to them in due time.
But before I settle that,
I must find
all seven Rainbow Pearls.
‐ The Rainbow Pearls?
‐ I can't beat Sesshomaru,
but his daughters
should be easy to beat.
‐ I've seen the blue one
in a forest in the east.
‐ I saw the purple one
by the sea.
‐ No, the blue one
is in the west.
‐ ...we could torture Sesshomaru
into submission.
‐ Didn't those girls
go toe‐to‐toe
against the great demon
Kirinmaru?
‐ Kirinmaru was going easy
on them to kill time.
‐ ...Zero is having
small‐fry demons
go around
collecting them for her.
‐ ...sank to the bottom
of the lake.
‐ Some small fry must be
going around telling stories.
‐ I'll tell you if you
give me something in return.
‐ ...Sesshomaru's daughters.
‐ Well, that's what
they're all saying.
‐ Thanks for the help.
‐ Now where have Setsuna
and Moroha wandered off to?
I know she wants to find
a Kyuyokon root,
but she couldn't
have waited for me?
[children laugh]
‐ I'm so gonna get you!
‐ [laughs]
‐ Come on.
Catch me if you can.
‐ Oh, yeah?
You just wait and see.
‐ [wind blows]
‐ [winces]
‐ Whoa!
‐ [gasps]
[gasps]
‐ Cover up! Hurry!
‐ [both gasp]
‐ Eh?
‐ We got it.
‐ Thank you.
You're okay now.
‐ Thanks.
‐ [gasps]
SETSUNA: Towa! Towa, wake up!
‐ [murmuring]
Setsuna?
[gasps]
Setsuna!
[crying]
‐ I think you've
slept long enough.
Let's go.
‐ Huh?
‐ We must find a Kyuyokon root.
‐ On your feet now.
‐ You would think she could have
at least let me
enjoy the moment.
Eh?
‐ There. You're safe again.
‐ Thank you.
‐ Excuse me!
What is it
that she's safe from?
‐ A Kyuyokon root.
‐ By the way,
tell Towa once she wakes up
she's wasting her time
trying to infuse demon power
into a weapon forged by humans.
She should get her hands
on a Kyuyokon root.
‐ A Kyuyokon root?
‐ Yep, that's what she's going
to need if she wants to have
a fighting chance against
the great demon Kirinmaru.
Remember, only a fool
goes into battle
without a suitable weapon.
‐ But where must we go
to obtain it?
‐ I would try asking Bokusen‐Oh.
‐ That old man's right.
I can't let Towa
continue fighting
with a broken weapon like that.
MOROHA: Not bad,
huh, Mr. Jyubei?
And I brought down a lot more
than these. This is nothin'!
‐ Hmm.
‐ [giggles]
‐ There you go.
‐ Huh?! Wait! That's all?!
‐ What do you expect?
You bring me small fry,
you're gonna get
a small‐fry price.
‐ [groans]
Well, guess it's
better than nothing.
Oh, yeah. I just remembered.
Do you know the name Bokusen‐Oh?
‐ Bokusen‐Oh?
I think I might have
heard it somewhere.
Forget where.
‐ Oh. Uh...
‐ Bring me something better,
all right?
‐ I honestly would if I could,
but I've made up my mind
to help Setsuna
search for Bokusen‐Oh.
‐ Now you mention it,
there's a bounty out on a demon
that may know
something about Bokusen‐Oh.
‐ You mean it?!
What demon is that?!
‐ Actually, on second thought,
forget it.
‐ This one's out of your league.
‐ [gasps]
Whoa, in case you forgot,
I'm Moroha the Demon Killer!
So just spill it!
‐ What I heard,
this one's serious trouble.
‐ Huh?
‐ There's no one alive
that even knows
what it really looks like.
‐ Hmm? And why is that?
‐ Because anyone who looked it
straight in the eye,
that was the last thing
they ever did.
‐ [gulps]
‐ When we're near the ocean,
we women must always
cover our hair.
‐ They say something terrible
will happen to us if we don't.
‐ Huh?
‐ It's true.
‐ [gasps]
‐ There's a demon known
as the Sea Snake Woman
that lives
in the waters around here.
‐ Sea Snake Woman?
ELDER: She was originally
a benevolent demon spirit
named Watatsumi no Tamahi
and protected these waters.
She saved many fishermen
thrown into the sea
when their boats capsized,
which happens quite often here.
But one day,
she suddenly started attacking
the locals, especially women.
She seems to have a hatred of
those with long, flowing hair.
‐ Women with
long, flowing hair...
Oh, no. Setsuna!
MAN: Bokusen‐Oh?
Nope. Never heard of it.
‐ All right, then.
Thanks for your help.
‐ MOROHA: Yo, Setsuna!
‐ Huh?
‐ Hey, good news!
I think I got us a lead
on this guy we're looking for!
‐ So you have reason to believe
this demon will know
how to find Bokusen‐Oh?
‐ Yeah, according
to Mr. Jyubei.
I'll catch it, make it talk,
and earn myself a tidy sum
in the bargain!
‐ But this demon sounds
like trouble, to say the least.
Not only do we not know
what it looks like,
we won't be able to look at it
when we do.
‐ Yeah, that's the tricky part.
How am I supposed to kill it
without even looking at it?!
I can't figure it out.
[woman groans]
ALL: Huh?
‐ Hey, you need some help there?
‐ Oh, I'll be all right,
but thank you.
‐ [grunts] No problem.
[grunts]
Hoo!
This stuff is
way too heavy for you.
I'll take it
to wherever you're going.
Come on, Setsuna.
You grab that one there.
‐ Huh?
‐ It's very kind of you.
[both grunting]
‐ [ominous music plays]
‐ [chuckles]
MOROHA: How 'bout right here?
Is this all right?
‐ Oh, yes.
You have both been so helpful.
Thank you so very much
for your kindness.
‐ No problem.
Well, we better get going.
‐ Please wait! Stay a while.
‐ Hmm?
‐ Mm?
‐ [gobbling]
‐ [mouth full] Oh, man.
All we did was help carry
a couple of sacks for you.
I wasn't expecting
to get a banquet out of it.
‐ It's nothing.
‐ Setsuna,
you're not gonna eat this?
‐ I gotta say, though,
it must get kinda rough
living up here on a mountaintop
all alone, huh?
‐ Why do you live way up here?
‐ It is part of my training,
and because I love
the view of the sea from here.
It reminds me of a beautiful
memory from the past.
‐ Well, I envy you that.
‐ Me, I haven't got
a single beautiful memory.
[murmurs]
‐ I can't help but notice,
your friend has very long
and beautiful hair, doesn't she?
‐ [gasps]
‐ Hmm?
KOHAKU: The Sea Snake Woman.
Yes, I've heard of her before.
‐ So what kind of demon is she?
‐ They say when she sees a woman
with long, beautiful hair,
she hunts her down
and lays a curse on her.
‐ Do you know
where Setsuna went?!
‐ No, I'm afraid not.
She left here
without telling me.
‐ I'm worried.
‐ [meows]
‐ [gasps]
Kirara!
Hey, do you know
where Setsuna went, Kirara?
‐ [meows]
‐ [groans] One more bite,
and I think I would've exploded.
‐ I think I'm about to.
‐ Such beautiful, long hair.
‐ [gasps]
[both grunt]
‐ [winces]
‐ [gasps]
There's no way you're human.
‐ Oh, like you're one to talk!
‐ What is it that you want?
‐ [laughing]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Moroha, don't look!
‐ [yelps]
[snakes hissing]
‐ You're kidding me!
That's the demon who can tell us
about Bokusen‐Oh?!
[waves crashing]
[ice crackling]
‐ Hmm.
[Moroha and Takechiyo yell]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [groans]
‐ The bounty on you
must be huge!
I can't wait to take you down!
‐ [laughing]
‐ [gasps] Don't look at her!
‐ Are you really that stupid?
How many times does she
have to say, "Don't look"?!
Explain to me how we're
supposed to fight her, then!
‐ I curse all women
with long, beautiful hair!
‐ So what makes you think
Setsuna is in danger?
‐ I've just got
this really bad feeling.
I can't put Setsuna
in any more danger.
TAKECHIYO: Hey! Did anyone
ask me if I wanted to do this?!
Oh, why did I eat so much?!
‐ Hang in there, Takechiyo!
‐ And do not look
at the Sea Snake Woman!
‐ Don't worry!
If I look at anything,
I think I'll throw up!
[moans]
SEA SNAKE WOMAN: Stop hiding.
Show yourselves.
Look at me.
Look into my eyes!
‐ Yeah, I wouldn't be able
to see you even if I wanted to.
‐ So what now? We can't do
a thing if we stay behind here.
‐ Yes, I know!
‐ You may not be humans,
but you are
no different than they are.
Because you fear me,
you want to kill me, don't you?!
‐ You're wrong!
It won't be because we fear you.
We'll stop you
so we can protect the innocent!
‐ You think
these humans are innocent?
Don't make me laugh.
I was once the guardian
of this sea.
I rescued the local humans from
its waters time and time again,
even that day...
[melancholy music playing]
[waves crashing]
The weather
had suddenly turned bad,
and the ocean currents
near the shore
were even rougher than usual.
There was one fishing boat that
became caught in the currents
and could not
make it back to port.
‐ [screams]
‐ The fisherman
was thrown overboard.
This was the man I loved,
the man I had watched
and longed for
from the ocean's waters
for years.
Luckily, he survived the ordeal.
But after a while,
I longed to see
my fisherman once again,
so I ventured in close to shore
disguised as a sea snake.
[fishermen conversing]
‐ A sea snake! Kill it!
‐ [yells]
‐ Kill it now!
‐ There it is!
‐ Quickly!
SEA SNAKE WOMAN:
The fishermen believe
that whenever a sea snake
shows its tail, a boat capsizes,
so they see it as an bad omen.
They blamed everything
on the sea snake.
Worst of all,
it was he who put an end to me.
‐ [gasps]
‐ No.
‐ I had saved his life,
and yet he...
Unforgivable!
‐ Yeah, I'd be pissed too.
‐ [gasps]
‐ And so, ever since that day...
[fishermen gasping]
‐ [screams]
‐ anyone who looks upon me...
‐ [gasping]
‐ is turned to stone
out of sheer terror.
Naturally, that fisherman too.
‐ [gasps]
[snakes hissing]
[gasps]
But no, it can't be.
[gasping]
‐ [laughing]
‐ If you already
had your revenge,
why do you still come ashore
and attack women with long hair?
‐ I can never be again
what I was in those days.
This is how I will look
for all eternity.
That is why I do it,
Because I cannot bear
to see women
who have the same beautiful
long hair that I once had!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [screams]
[groans]
‐ [laughs]
Now you have nowhere to hide.
‐ [gasps]
She's right!
What are we supposed to do now?
‐ Turn and gaze upon me!
‐ Don't look at her,
no matter what!
Now let's go!
‐ Wait! Setsuna!
‐ Scourge of Swallows!
‐ [laughs]
‐ [grumbles]
‐ [growls]
Crimson Dragon Wave!
[dragon roars]
‐ [laughs]
Were you aiming at me?
‐ This isn't working!
‐ Oh, you'll have
to do better than that.
‐ [object whooshing]
‐ Eh?
[both gasp]
‐ Fire!
‐ Hey, it's the demon slayers!
‐ [groans]
‐ We're just in time.
[Kirara roars]
‐ Setsuna!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Why'd you go off on your own?!
‐ I cannot allow you
to fight with a broken weapon.
‐ Look who's talking! If you
get yourself killed again,
you can never
be brought back to life!
‐ Come on, guys.
‐ Listen to me, Towa.
You must not look at her.
‐ I know. Don't worry.
I've got this.
Voilà!
‐ Hmm?
What in the hell?
‐ Mirrored sunglasses!
[oil pots whistling]
‐ Hiraikotsu!
‐ [yells]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Fire!
‐ Chief!
We're all out of oil pots!
‐ So they're on their own.
‐ Stay back, Setsuna.
I'll handle this.
After all, it's my job
to protect you, no matter what!
[yells]
Take this!
‐ Hyah!
‐ [gasps]
[screams]
‐ Towa!
[chime rings]
[grunts]
‐ Huh?
[groans]
‐ The sea...
‐ It froze up.
Don't tell me. Riku?
‐ I can't move!
Damn you!
‐ [groaning]
‐ [gasps]
TOTOSAI: Yukari no Tachikiri,
a naginata capable of severing
things that cannot be severed.
It responds to the Blood Blade
that Sesshomaru
entrusted to you.
‐ Setsuna?
[gasps]
‐ Stay back!
‐ [grunts]
[dramatic music playing]
[blade pulses]
[thread humming]
What is this thread?
Am I supposed to cut it?
FISHERMAN: No, don't cut it!
I beg you.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [growls]
‐ [yelps]
‐ I just hope
she knows what she's doing.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [growls]
‐ No, don't come up now!
‐ [hisses]
[gasps]
FISHERMAN:
I've found you at last.
Oh, how I've missed you.
‐ You did?
‐ Please forgive me!
I was...
I have always been...
in love with you!
‐ No, it‐‐
it can't be.
No!
[wails]
‐ So is that
her true appearance?
‐ [gasps]
‐ Hey, you all right?
‐ [grunts]
[peaceful music playing]
[seabird calling]
You know, I can't help
feeling kind of sorry for her.
She was a good
and kindhearted demon once.
I wish we could have
saved her sooner.
‐ [gasps]
‐ What I still don't understand
is what made the ocean freeze
over like that all of a sudden?
Oh, shit. Wait a minute!
We totally forgot
to ask her about Bokusen‐Oh!
SETSUNA: You're right.
That was careless of us.
TOWA: Don't worry. I'm sure
we'll find someone else.
[Riku chuckles]
I'm glad you're unharmed.
Now to find a Kyuyokon root,
Lady Towa.
[Japanese music playing]
[music playing]
TOWA: I saw Setsuna's naginata
reacting to something.
What was that all about?
Besides that, where is
this Bokusen‐Oh anyway?
And what exactly
did happen to Ms. Rin
14 years ago
right after we were born?
Next time on Yashahime,
"The Silver‐Scale Curse."
We've gotta hurry up
and find a way to save Ms. Rin!